good morning all,i will talk to corry about how we need our transmission represented.  the format is ok, i just need more information in the path or the ability to put the entire block of the transmission we buy in the -e- cell. i am going to experiment with a couple of things to see how the output looks in the confirm.when i try to sort global id or tags, i can't drag the box up to the sort area.  i get a slash-zero icon.using a smaller set of data does not seem to change the relative speed of the confirm upload. it looks like each path takes roughly - minutes to do. i am only putting physical paths in the confirm upload, which reduces the data set dramatically.i have routed midc for /, the bpa deals left unrouted are . and ..  the original delivery point in the deal is nw delivered, and then we move it in scheduling every day to go where it is needed. this type of deal will always be done, and there are other deals that get moved in the southwest as well.  there is a walc transmission deal that is at pinnacle peak, and is changed daily in scheduling to west wing.the deals missing dashes seem to all be the same.  here is one example: epmi(g)sp-ciso(t)sp/pvd #ciso_epmi_-epmicalpooaps ()-valleyall days hlh deal-here is how the path should look if the dashes were placed correctly :epmi(g)sp-ciso(t)sp/pvd #ciso_epmi_-epmicalpoo-aps ()-valley-all days hlh deali  still  cannot get my pv sheet to upload to the confirm dbase properly.  i got  the access violation errors yesterday, and so end-tasked to get out and logged off and went home.  today, it looks like it is running, but i got the access violation errors again today.  i am going to save the same data to a new file, and try to run it under a different name. the cob sheet seems to be running, so hopefully the error is imbedded in the one sheet..  i know we discussed the possibility of tying the new path and path cuts to our other enpower systems.  i apologize if i did not make it clear that this would be a complicated process involving changes to those other applications.  there is currently no plan for including those features in this release.  our goal for the first release was to replace your existing lotus notes system.i don't remember our discussions making this only a possibility. i remember it being an improvement to existing systems, and a reduction in redundant work because everything would be enpower now.  i would like to explore how to make this part of the release. it seems to me that it would be more work to make it half what we need now and then keep adding to it to get to our goal. i will keep testing today, and bring more findings this afternoon.thanks,cara