john, i appreciate your giving the sublists a once-over.  i'll reply toyour comments in the order you wrote them.bp  says, in essence, "before you sell a transmission right, make sureyour grid can support it."  the gist of bp  is: "if your transmissioncustomer wants to move energy someplace not mentioned in the purchasedtransmission right, but you can still fit it in, then let it flowanyway."  at the esc meeting, i was looking past the linkage statementabout these two bps, instead focusing on the fact that bp  is really an"oasis" practice while bp  is about energy scheduling.  now, though, inthe tranquility of my office, i'm inclined to agree that they shouldstill be considered together.  both of these bps give you a choicebetween path and flowgate models (and the more granular the flowgatemodel, the closer you get to a purely financial transmission market), sohow would you feel about calling both of them "model-independent"?bp  discusses fragmentary scheduling (i.e., letting a group ofentities in the transaction chain submit pieces of a schedule which,when pieced together, form a complete and continuous schedule).  aswritten, the bp doesn't seem to tie us to any particular transmissionmodel, because the fragments could conceivably use any combination ofphysical and financial transmission rights.  so this bp would appear tobelong in the "model independent" category.we in the west have suggested a rewording of bp ,  and  (hopefully,soon to be shared with the esc) to allow regions like ours to minimizethe operational impact of changing the frequency and duration ofnon-emergency generator ramping.  as drafted, these changes would haveno effect on current practices in the east, so more than one version ofeach bp would be unnecessary.the "applicability" section of bp  reads, in part: "this businesspractice addresses the implementation of a curtailment/reload by (ascheduling authority).  it does not address the  process items leadingup to the curtailment ..."  i would say that bp  does not depend onthe choice of congestion management method selected.by the way, i'm sharing these comments with esc business practice taskforce chair mike mcelhany, who is apportioning the bp discussions amonga series of conference calls to begin as early as january .thank you, john, for your valuable input.john hormozi, ladwp() -