please see my comments in bluewhat follows are known issues with the pre-schedule workspace and path confirmation report.pre-schedule workspace:generating transmission confirmation records appears not to be working for second or third transmissions. the record makes a transmission line for the transmission provider, but does not insert the trans name or trans oasis data into the path. it appears that saving does not always work.getting "list index out of bounds" errors when attempting to run the build route.question:  can we just route the month long bookouts on the first, with the designation of month in the sched term like we can now?  it will cut down on the daily routing.add (if possible)  error checking for missing supply or market deal numbers, why would this not be possible?  so much is driven by the deal number that to omit it would be a problem.   and missing physical or non-physical designation.  if nothing is specified in the phys? column, non-physical will be assume.questoin:  so far we have done nothing for the daily summary.  is this something that can wait, or do we need to get it done for this release? daily summary is a current function; creating data that i use to report our volumes to our traders, belden, and lavorato. this must be done for production, as they ask me for this often. yesterday, i found another problem, if i re-type a hour range in the sched hour cell in psw, it converts it to date format, and i get an "invalid variant type conversion" error.  nothing i did short of deleting the cells, making the changes in ms excel and re-pasting them worked.path confirmation report:need to enable text wrapping for path field.  the path field is the most important field of which to see all data. right now some paths are wrapped, and some aren't.   can we add a "master-detail" setup when soring by tag.  provide a list of tags and show data for selected tag.sorting by global id - this needs to be able to be done in the upper sort area.  this is unclear.  what is meant by the upper sort area? the area where we can drag and shuffle sort criteria, up above the regular line view. not able to see the entire path in the "expanded view".  also, delivery points are not showing up. yesterday, i found that if a delivery point on the sheet is not exactly what enpower has (ie: midway instead of midway-psc), the expanded view just gets rid of it completely. perhaps this should be an error-checking point? find out to what the greyed out name in the expanded view is related. just getting rid of that unrelated name is enough.   extend the size limit of the path.we need to find out if the existing data was blown away purposefully or if this was accidental. in the last release, only the data from / was preserved from the previous version.the por/pod fields are still the same. we would like the delivery point selection to mimic the same functionality as the delivery point selection we see in scheduling. pulling up the proper date with the calendar is slow when there is data populated into the system. we need to make sure that the selection process does not get incrementally slower with each additional day of data that is added.for some reason, a gobal id is showing up in the expanded view in lines where there is not a global id provided. it is always the same one: ciso_epmi_.path cuts:need to filter region list for cuts by trading desk (east or west).allow hour ranges in the hour # field specifically in he  (military) format (e.g.  - or -).must allow string values to be stored in the annuity field.transmission should be optionalmake it easier to show all cuts for a path.allow incremental hours to a cut, as hourly cuts can go on for several hours but one hour at a time. a new tag might have to be made each hour of the cut.  i'm not quite sure what you are asking for.  can you give a little more detail? if i create a cut for a single hour, i would like to show additional hours in the same cut at a later time. kind of an 'add-on' to the original cut. this application will go through a final evaluation by the real time departments, and i expect that they will need features that i have not been able to anticipate. my plan is to get as many of their needs met as possible before turning testing over to them, they are aware of this and the time table that we all are trying to meet. i will also help them with their testing to articulate their needs to you in the most efficient way possible. in the cut view, the region is still the cumbersome drop down list. this needs to be a forced choice option, like the hour-ahead vs. real-time selection.  the choices for the west are : wscc-s, wscc-n, rockies, northwest, california. corry will be able to provide his region choices.the path that has been cut needs to be able to pull up the cut note without hunting for it in the cut path view. the suggestion of a "go to cut" button was made in an earlier e-mail.let me know if there is anything that i have missed.thanks,will