to:  standards list server group       nerc rosterladies and gentlemen:phase iib and iia ( standards) standards, and definitions of termson february , , the nerc board of trustees will consider the following planning standards and definitions of terms as used in the planning standards for approval. this posting is the -day (actually -day) notification prior to the board's vote.a.  phase iib planning standards (ttc and atc)the phase iib standards (ttc and atc) were approved by the market interface committee at its january -,  meeting and by the planning committee by mail ballot on january , . they include one standard and three measurements and compliance templates as follows:  i.e. s, m, m-m - transfer capabilities (ttc and atc). they can be viewed or downloaded from the nerc web site.http://www.nerc.com/~pc/standards/#phiib_ttcatcb.  phase iib planning standards (cbm and trm)the phase iib standards (cbm and trm) were approved by the market interface committee at its january -,  meeting and by the planning committee by mail ballot on january , . they include two standards and six measurements and compliance templates as follows:  i.e. s-s, m, m-m, m - transfer capabilities (cbm and trm). they can be viewed or downloaded from the nerc web site:http://www.nerc.com/~pc/standards/#phiib_cbmtrmc.  phase iia planning standards (two reconsidered standards)the planning committee approved the phase iia (two reconsidered) standards at its november -,  meeting. the market interface committee also approved these standards at its january -,  meeting.these phase iia planning standards include two standards and three associated measurements and compliance templates:i.a. s, m - transmission systemsiii.a. s, m and m - transmission protection systemsthese standards can be viewed or downloaded from the nerc web site:http://www.nerc.com/~pc/standards/#phiia_iaiiiad.  definitions of terms as used in the planning standardsthe market interface committee approved  definitions of terms used in the planning standards at its january -,  meeting. it also chose to remove five proposed definitions that it believed to be unclear, circular, or inconsistent with terms in other glossaries. these five terms are:. entities responsible for the reliability of the interconnected transmission system. local network. regional process. radial customer. user of the interconnected electric systemsthe planning committee approved the complete list of terms and their definitions by mail ballot on january , .these definitions and terms as used in the planning standards can be viewed and downloaded from the nerc web site:http://www.nerc.com/~pc/standards/#definitionsnext stepsif approved by the nerc board, these planning standards will be the last groupings of planning standards that will have completed the  nerc standards development process, including field testing, and a re-review through the  nerc standards development process. following board approval, these planning standards will be available for formal implementation of reviews for compliance under the nerc compliance program. no further planning standards will be developed and approved under nerc's  standards process.the standards, if approved by the board, will remain in effect until they are replaced by nerc organization standards.sincerely,angie nicastrosecretary-engineering