hello cara,please see comments showing below in redbtw, if you need me to unroute all daily route & term route for june , i will be happy to do so.thanks for taking your valuable time and help us to testregards,dluufrom: 	semperger, cara  sent:	monday, september ,  : pmto:	asem; bentley, corry; poston, david; smith, will; venkataswami, vishwanathacc:	luu, duongsubject:	testing the pswgood evening,we had agreed to just do a test to see what issues were still outstanding in the psw and path confirmation.i re-ran all the data for june  in the west, here are my findings:some little things seem to have changed, i am not sure why they changed>preschedule workspace - pressing the enter key makes the cursor go to the cell to the left, and no other way.  enter+shift moves the cursor to the right.  this function is different, the enter key used to function much like it did in excel, and i am not sure why this change has been made.problem fixed - in stage>path confrimation - the color pallette is very different, and inferior. did that get changed? any color not on the main pallette is now grainy and difficult to read the path thru. also, the color on the path is the chosen color, but several fields show as dark grey no matter what color is chosen.  there also seems to be no pattern to why some cells are grey and some aren't.we did not change color scheme, however, you can reset the default color by click on grid colors button on the tool bar>the window for the error report now snaps up very small. it was defaulting to the same size as the psw. this seems different and inferior.problem fixed - in stagefunctionality bug still to be fixed:>i routed all of the deals for all the western points, and a spot check still shows that the physical flag is not showing up properly in deal scheduling, although it does show properly in path confirmation. i checked many routed deals, not one showed the physical flag checked.problem fixed - in stagepending features that i am not sure of the status on:>the real time discussion that is currently part of lotus, but spoke with poston regarding and i believe he is heading up this effort with you all.we are currently looking to the solution to this problem. if this feature prevent us from going live, i would suggest that steve nat, dave poston, you and i need to discuss. >the executive report that will replace the aggschedvol report and the daily excel summary.yes, the new application is available under enpower launchpad -> tools -> executive report.in summary:all other functions seem to be working, and as soon as we nail down the routing one, i can pass the testing off to real time for their final changes before going to production.it is my intention that once we go to production we have one entire month of parallell testing before the lotus system is abandoned.thanks for your work, let me know when you are ready for me to test again.  i would like to re-test june  again if possible.thanks,cara