cara, corry,here is a consolidation of your input:border is not required for creating confirmation records nor for creating route data.include transmission information in the path when creating confirmation records.  the path should resemble:  upstream-supply-e-tran(oasis id)-e-tran(oasis id)-e- ... -market-downstreammake build route sheet read only to prevent removal of data.  build routes is dependent on the data staying in the sheet to determine if deals have changed.  add an option to clear the sheet to start over.the transmission deal number is not required for path confirmation records.add "prepare next day" and "copy workspace" functionality.allow change font properties (color, bold, etc) and cell properties (highlight color).allow searching in the sheets. e.g. search for a deal number.  a simple search for string or number will do.daily summary needs to be completed.neither upstream nor downstream are required for path creation.fix "general sql error.  ora-: sequence does not exist" problem."insert keys" etc to tool bar.  (example: redo, insert row,...)  although the sheets in this app are similar to excel, there are some limitations.  implementing things like "redo" can be complicated if not impossible.  when you open "path confirmation" it defaults to your last user sort settings.  i don't know if this is possible.very important:we need to determine what is the very least requirements for this application to replace your current processes.  the goal of this application is to allow you to set your excel worksheets aside and work strictly within pre-schedule workspace (psw).  if with the current approach we are not able to achieve this goal, we need to take a step back are reevaluate our situation.  also, i can provide some of the basic excel functionality that is currently missing, but i don't want to get into a situation where i am rewriting excel.  we need to determine what excel functionality is a must and what functionality we can do without.let me know if you have any other concerns.thanks,will