what follows are known issues with the pre-schedule workspace and path confirmation report.pre-schedule workspace:generating transmission confirmation records appears not to be working for second or third transmissions.it appears that saving does not always work.getting "list index out of bounds" errors when attempting to run the build route.question:  can we just route the month long bookouts on the first, with the designation of month in the sched term like we can now?  it will cut down on the daily routing.add (if possible) error checking for missing supply or market deal numbers, and missing physical or non-physical designation.  if nothing is specified in the phys? column, non-physical will be assume.questoin:  so far we have done nothing for the daily summary.  is this something that can wait, or do we need to get it done for this release?path confirmation report:need to enable text wrapping for path field.  the path field is the most important field of which to see all data.can we add a "master-detail" setup when soring by tag.  provide a list of tags and show data for selected tag.sorting by global id - this needs to be able to be done in the upper sort area.  this is unclear.  what is meant by the upper sort area?not able to see the entire path in the "expanded view".  also, delivery points are not showing up.find out to what the greyed out name in the expanded view is related.extend the size limit of the path.path cuts:need to filter region list for cuts by trading desk (east or west).allow hour ranges in the hour # field specifically in he  (military) format (e.g.  - or -).must allow string values to be stored in the annuity field.transmission should be optionalmake it easier to show all cuts for a path.allow incremental hours to a cut, as hourly cuts can go on for several hours but one hour at a time. a new tag might have to be made each hour of the cut.  i'm not quite sure what you are asking for.  can you give a little more detail?let me know if there is anything that i have missed.thanks,will