forward this to your friends and coleauges who are starting to wonder if you experimented on small children while at enron.gaccould enron's business model actually work?january ,  by daniel altman is enron (news/quote)'s business model still a good one?with fuzzy financing and arcane accounting stripped away,the answer may be yes. despite enron's collapse, its goalof merging the best thinking in energy, finance andinformation technology as an online commodity trader stillgarners respect. "enron failed because they were scamming, but the basicvirtual market part was fine," said dale kutnick, chiefexecutive and research director of the meta group(news/quote), an information technology consultancy. "thereis still a real market for virtual trading companies, noquestion about it." enron traded contracts for electricity and natural gas and,later, other products like rights to high-speedtelecommunications networks and financial hedges againstchanges in the weather. it used a sophisticated onlineplatform backed by a financial apparatus meant to hedge thecompany's bets. in the words of kurt launer, an analyst whofollows enron for credit suisse first boston, the companyhad "the pioneering online venture for real-timeavailability of information" used in trading commodities. *  enron's basic business model, in other words, may yetserve as a model for other companies. in the wake ofenron's bankruptcy filing, some of the best support forthat model model came from its competitors. reliant energy (news/quote) is one of several companiesthat followed enron in offering online exchanges forelectricity and natural gas. "our commodity markets worked just fine the day after enronwent away," said joe bob perkins, president and chiefoperating officer of the wholesale group at reliant. "everybody got gas, everybody got power, and prices stayedbasically the same," mr. perkins said. "the loss of oneintermediary just proves that these competitive marketswork." other companies offering similar services rushed to fillthe gap after enron suspended its trading. "we've picked upmarket share," said stephen l. baum, the chairman,president and chief executive of sempra. he noted, though,that unlike enron, "our trading, although extremelyimportant and a big income earner for us, is not thecenterpiece of our business." another company that sees continued value in the enronapproach is ubs warburg, the swiss investment bank, whichbought enron's electricity and gas trading business inbankruptcy proceedings and plans to restart them under itsown brand. "we're confident we can re-establish the business," davidwalker, a ubs warburg spokesman, said. "it is a first-ratetrading platform." similarities between ubs warburg's financial derivativesbusiness and enron's trading of energy contracts were onefactor that made the deal appealing, mr. walker said. "thecharacteristics of trading these types of products andbetting on interest rates, which is a core ability of ubs,are similar," he said. "they're kind of neighbors." mr. kutnick, the research chief, added that enron had"outstanding" information technology organization that wasbacked by "tremendous amounts of money." in that way aswell, he said, the company "was certainly comparable to thebest financial companies out there." because of enron's technological advantage, mr. kutnickpredicted, ubs would have little difficulty regainingenron's market share. "they were far enough ahead that itshouldn't be an issue," he said. "if you are a coupleseconds faster in terms of spotting and executing a marketinefficiency, obviously you're going to make money." according to experts who consulted for enron in the fieldof finance, the company did not necessarily come up with alot of powerful new ideas. its strength was in synthesizingexisting ideas, which sometimes led to innovative methods. "they took a lot of finance theory and applied it in thecontext of their business," said ramesh k. s. rao, aprofessor of finance at the university of texas who onceconsulted for enron. "there was no magic to what they weredoing." robert l. mcdonald, a professor of finance at northwestern,advised enron on the use of derivatives from  to .he said the company needed advanced financial tools toprice its derivatives, which specified energy products tobe delivered at various times and sites while demand wasuncertain. "that's a hard problem, so they were probablybreaking some new ground trying to deal with that," hesaid. "it's the kind of thing that's easy to describe andmay be hard to do." peter tufano, a professor at the harvard business schoolwho studied enron, said the company had been using whatwould be considered "best practices" for using derivativesby any "serious financial firm" in the early 's. had enron stuck to those practices, mr. kutnick said, itmight still survive today. "enron could have done extremely well with betting onmarket inefficiencies and hedging bets," he said. "peoplestop hedging because they get too enamored of their owntheories." as a parallel, he cited long- term capitalmanagement, the hedge fund, which failed in  when itcould no longer cover the ever-higher risks it begantaking. enron also betrayed its success, mr. launer said, bythrowing money at ventures that failed to generate cashflow. for example, enron spent around $ billion on itsnetwork capacity, or bandwidth, exchange, which neverturned a profit. "the fact that enron became a dot-com,financed itself like a dot-com, and then suffered a demiselike a dot-com," he said, "is one of the central parts ofthis story." but enron's failed attempts to expand its online tradingsystem to products beyond electricity and natural gas mightnot rule out future, similar endeavors. "in any commodity, there are always people who have toomuch and others who have too little, so there's alwaysgoing to be a need for them to trade and exchange,"professor tufano said. mr. launer suggested that enron's efforts were simplyill-timed. "these things take a while to get going," hesaid. he noted that the deregulation of electricity andnatural gas led to a long period during which the marketfor energy products and their derivatives evolved. "it doestake a while before users of a commodity get comfortablewith the idea that they should risk-manage and out-sourcetheir use of that commodity." http://www.nytimes.com////business/neco.html?ex=&ei=&en=babhow to advertise---------------------------------for information on advertising in e-mail newsletters or other creative advertising opportunities with the new york times on the web, please contact alyson racer at alyson@nytimes.com or visit our online media kit at http://www.nytimes.com/adinfofor general information about nytimes.com, write to help@nytimes.com.  copyright  the new york times company