cara,here is a list of updates:asem, vish:please look this over to verify that i haven't missed anything.aug :pre-schedule workspace:when double click a cell automatically go to the "editor" edit box.allow show / hide of editor.  add to menu under view / toolbars as well as popup menu.move copy from workspace to file in the menu.add an icon for copy.  rename "excel utilities" to "spreadsheet utilities" on the toolbar as well as the view menu.contains also fix for looking up correct location for summary report.path confirmation:now in west regions you can see northwest which is rclosing the path cut is fast nowannuity id in path cuts can accept non numeric values (strings also)cut hour is in - formatadded validation on resupply deal#, it should be valid existing enpower deal aug :pre-schedule:	dumps summary report to exceledit box shown for looking at cells with large values	outstanding issues:what to do with records with  'week' specified in sched_term field for there is no 'week' section in the physicalandbookoutsummary excel report file.  i have fired off an email to cara asking for assistance on this matter.	notes:the application will look in the follow places for the physicalandbookoutsummary_v_.xls file if user launching app has no existing profile in pwr_user_default_settings (fsummarylocation) 		i.e. user is west trader and in following db environments:			pwrstage[n/p]:	m:\electric\schedule\process\west\physicalandbookoutsummary_vwesttest.xls			pwrprod:	o:\portland\westdesk\scheduling\physicalandbookoutsummary_vwestprod.xlsa pre-existing excel report must exist in location for appending to occurpath confirmations reportfixed, press enter or select the date from the drop down pulling up the proper date with the calendar is slow when there is data populated into the system. we need to make sure that the selection process does not get incrementally slower with each additional day of data that is added.log text displays in clean formatpor/pod can be easy to pick up	path cutsfixed  need to filter region list for cuts by trading desk (east or west).fixed allow hour ranges in the hour # field specifically in he  (military) format (e.g.  - or -).fixed in the cut view, the region is still the cumbersome drop down list. this needs to be a forced choice option, like the hour-ahead vs. real-time selection.  the choices for the west are : wscc-s, wscc-n, rockies, northwest, california. corry will be able to provide his region choices.provided an option to easily create a new path cut by selecting copy path cut button and change the values neededtaking care of validation while cutting the hourregards,will